[Doc] FW Takeoff update for waypoint and position loss + relnote (#25226)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/flight_modes_fw/takeoff.md

Takeoff mode (and [fixed wing mission takeoff](../flight_modes_fw/mission.md#mission-takeoff)) has two modalities: [catapult/hand-launch](#catapult-hand-launch) or [runway takeoff](#runway-takeoff) (hardware-dependent).
The mode defaults to catapult/hand launch, but can be set to runway takeoff by setting [RWTO_TKOFF](#RWTO_TKOFF) to 1.

> To use _Takeoff mode_ you first switch to the mode, and then arm the vehicle (or send the [MAV_CMD_NAV_TAKEOFF](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MAV_CMD_NAV_TAKEOFF) command which does both).

Author: My assumption is that we have always supported the command, but ignored the position in it.

- The clearance altitude is set to [MIS_TAKEOFF_ALT](#MIS_TAKEOFF_ALT) by default.
  If a valid waypoint altitude is set is set the vehicle will instead use it as the clearance altitude.

By default, on takeoff the aircraft will follow the line defined by the starting point and course, climbing at the maximum climb rate ([FW_T_CLMB_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#FW_T_CLMB_MAX)) until reaching the clearance altitude.
Reaching the clearance altitude causes the vehicle to enter [Hold mode](../flight_modes_fw/takeoff.md).

If a valid waypoint target is set, using `MAV_CMD_NAV_TAKEOFF` or the [VehicleCommand](../msg_docs/VehicleCommand.md) uORB topic, the vehicle will instead track towards the waypoint, and enter [Hold mode](../flight_modes_fw/takeoff.md) after reaching the waypoint altitude (within the acceptance radius).

::: tip
If the local position is invalid or becomes invalid while executing the takeoff, the controller is not able to track a course setpoint and will instead proceed climbing while keeping the wings level until the clearance altitude is reached.
:::

::: info

> - Support for takeoff towards a target position was added in <Badge type="tip" text="main (planned for: PX4 v1.17)" />.

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for safe handling when the local position is invalid or becomes invalid while executing the takeoff was added in <Badge type="tip" text="main (planned for: PX4 v1.17)" />.
```
